FiveThirtyEight is a website whose job is to run statistical analyses and apply them to the news.  Users are predominately well-educated and work in technology, and look forward to seeing the statistical analyses. When they go on FiveThirtyEight, they look for accurate quantitative analyses of the most recent news topics, and they expect them fast. 

As a growing company, and in order to maximize profits and efficiency, it's important that when you post on social media, you know for sure that those posts will have the desired effect. Because of this, efficiency is not only important for company functionality, but also to correspond with company credo. Reddit is a very active place for technologically inclined users to interact with each other and learn about current events. Therefore, Reddit is an ideal place for FiveThirtyEight to engage with your consumer base.

In order to make the most of your Reddit posts, you'll need to understand how to effectively reach your potential clients. Reddit posts have many components to measure how well users are engaging with your content, and one of the most important features is the number of comments attached to a post. With comments, you can clearly see how people are engaging with the post, be it positively, negatively or neutrally. In order to figure out what the highest engagement posts could be, I looked at how to maximize the number of comments for a post. I looked at different aspects of each post, and found that the subreddit title was an great measure of how many comments one could expect on a post. According to my analysis, posting your content in the most commonly used subreddit threads will have a significant impact on the number of comments. 

Luckily for FiveThirtyEight, the number of times a subreddit has to be mentioned in order to reap the most bang for your buck is only 4-6 posts. To apply this finding, all you have to do is find the subreddit that is the most popular, post your content within the subreddit and greatly increase your chances of engagement. According to data gathered from the current Reddit pages, approximately 7 out of 10 of the posts that had the highest number of comments were also pages that had the highest number of subreddit mentions. That is to say, number of appearances of a subreddit and number of comments are very strongly correlated.

If you want to make sure that FiveThirtyEight is reaching the highest amount of potential regular users, you need an analyst dedicated to analyzing the highest return on investment for each social media post. The analysis I present today shows only a basic overview of the types of analyses I can, and will, conduct to find the ultimate place, time, and content to post. 

In the age of Trump, where every day there are an abundance of controversial political issues, allow a fellow statistics-lover to analyze your social media presence so you can focus on what's important.
